what's going on guys get you into 30
here with more grand theft out of 5 and
today we have more leaked information
regarding heists that should be coming
out sometime soon rockstars told us so
far that they will be coming out at the
beginning of 2015 which could maybe be
january-february March hopefully one of
those months so before we get into that
if you are new be sure to subscribe to
my channel so you don't miss any of my
grand theft auto 5 videos in the future
so why don't we get right into it so as
usual this information is coming from
Neil xmods and by now he should be
pretty much a household Grand Theft Auto
name I mean if you've been keeping up
with the news in GTA in the leaks and
everything like that then his name's to
be very familiar to you at this point
he's a reputable leaker / mater / hacker
guy and he's the one that's been giving
us information regarding the holiday
update that was coming up and a lot of
things that we would be seeing and he
was correct so today he is coming to us
with some heist information and so take
a look at the picture on your screen
right now this is a bunch of information
that has recently been found in the
files of GTA 5 and so it's got a title
and then he gives us his explanation of
what that means so why don't we start at
the top there it says is heist Bank
rendered this native calls for the game
to render the interior files required
for a heist mission in the bank located
near Rockford Hills so that tells us one
of the heist locations that we will be
doing at the Rockford Hills bank and
then secondly there is client cited
context this native checks that the
client either have synchronized the game
with others for example if a car is
destroyed or if the action is for the
client to see only and others are blind
to the situation this could be for a
function known as blind eye so this
starts getting a little bit more
technical here but still interesting
nonetheless and so third we've got
locate nearest render point this native
calls for the nearest runner point which
is used for AI spawning etc during a
heist mission and then fourth is Jeff
contact enabled Jeff okay who's Jeff
well SES as the contact we leaked before
called Jeff who will offer special
abilities during heist missions will be
enabled on your phone contact list when
the native is called so basically it
sounds like Jeff is gonna be the guy
who's kind of almost I guess in charge
of the heists or at least in charge of
organizing them you're going to call him
when you want to do a heist and it
sounds like he's going to bring you all
together and allow you to start doing
the heist so moving on is night vision
in
able this native calls from the night
vision mode to activate this means that
will be used during certain parts of
heists missions so we kind of knew that
based on the screenshots that we got
before we got a new night vision
screenshot and now that looked really
good and that's definitely going to be
useful in GTA 5 and dark situations and
then lastly is apartment heist active
this native activates the heist planning
board depending on the progress of the
heist you had planned so we all know
about the heist planning boards it's how
we're going to kind of track our
progress see what we need to do and you
know just all the steps necessary to
complete the heist so some of this is
new some of it is stuff that we already
kind of knew before but either way it's
all good interesting information here
then moving on to the second picture
this one also has a lot of information
but it's not quite as interesting as the
previous one so I'm not going to go over
every single aspect of it but basically
you can see a string of code there at
the beginning followed by more green
text that's actually readable like the
first one there says heist board heist
planning and then it says this is the
function to use the planning board to
start planning a crew heist mission and
we already knew about that so the only
thing that's really actually interesting
on this picture here is let's see you
know you're gonna have a printer that
allows you to send the planning sheet
via email on your phone to the rest of
your social club crew also there's going
to be an eye fruit app on your
smartphone that allows you to send heist
related emails virtually through the app
and also just some random things like
the effect that's going to make your
controller Rumble when when something in
a heist mission explodes or when you
smash a hole in the ground or something
like that and then lastly the very
bottom one is set water flood building
so basically this is going to be a
feature where somewhere in a heist
you're gonna break some sort of main
water valve or something like that and
you're gonna flood a building so this is
going to kind of tell that how to work
so overall this is some pretty
interesting information it's nothing
groundbreaking it's not some huge leak
or huge news but it is some more good
juicy information regarding heists that
we always crave so with that guys I hope
you enjoyed please tell me you think in
the comments below and with that please
stay tuned for more videos in the future
I will see you next time
you